Thank you for watching!
Apart from shooting music videos,
I was able to take a lot of pictures.
This program is brought to you by six
people who work hard to promote
something exciting,
and by the people who work hard to
promote something exciting.
Thank you.
It's a hot pool!
No one is here.
I want to jump in.
songs
dee
See you
cool
I'm really responsible for this
, too
.
Amazing
that
the
legend is
Oh, wait! I'm not ready yet!
I'm not ready yet!
I'll do my best!
This is the last performance of the
year, so I'll do my best to make it
exciting!
I'll do my best!
I'm sad that it's really over.
It's raining.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sad.
I'll do my best!
Even if it's the best day, even if it's
the worst day,
good job.
Tomorrow will be a better day.
It's amazing.
This is the last special performance of
the year.
I'm looking forward to it.
Let's get started!
Are you ready?
Don't lose!
Let's go!
Are you ready?
Let me introduce you.
This is the place to be.
Today, we are going to rock your heart.
I'm going to cry.
Rocking machine!
Let's do our best!
Let's go!
Please subscribe to my channel!
Bench, 1, 2, 6
I remember the scene where I rode the
flume ride and appeared on stage.
It was a performance that could only be
done at an amusement park, and it was a
really fun memory.
And when the staff came, they welcomed
us with a smile.
We are always very energetic.
I hope we can be a person who can give
energy to many people with the
activities of Tokimeki Senzen.
We will continue to do our best to
become a group that you can love for a
long time.
Let's make the best memories together
with the rest of the time we can spend
with Toshimaya.
Thank you very much for today.
We are very thankful that we are able
to be on this stage today
because we were able to be the last
special supporters of Toshimaya-san.
The most memorable moment for me was
when I was able to shoot the music
video for the first song,
which is called Seishun Heart Shaker.
That was the first time I had ever shot
a music video for Toshimaya-san,
and Toshimaya-san is a very special
place for me.
And for Toshimaya-san...
Aside from the music video filming...
We did a lot of filming.
I've been saying this for a while
now...
Toshimaya-san's staff always welcomes
me warmly.
And when I'm looking at them, I want to
ride an attraction.
They kindly said that to me.
I was surprised that I was able to ride
it.
Thank you so much.
We decided to join the special support
team.
We looked into Toshimaya-san in detail.
The more I looked into it, the more I
realized that Toshimaya-san is the
strongest.
I was surprised to learn a lot about
her.
Toshimaya-san has been loved by many
people for the past 94 years.
She has written a lot of memories in
many people's hearts.
I'm honored and grateful to be able to
be Toshimaya-san's last special
supporter.
At the same time, I was deeply moved by
her memories.
We may not be able to spend much time
with Toshimaya-san.
We will do our best to show our
gratitude to her.
Please take care of each and every one
of us.
Thank you very much.
Doka-san!
Julia is coming, so I'm so nervous.
I felt something from here.
We, the Super Tokyo Exhibition, have
been the last special supporter.
You all know that I couldn't ride the
roller coaster, right?
You know, right?
I know.
Like Karamin said, when I rode the
Phenium Rider and appeared here,
I was the only one who was so nervous.
But I was able to be a special
supporter of Toshimaya,
and I rode many roller coasters, rides,
and cyclones.
When I was a child, I went to the pool
or amusement park with my family several
times.
But I couldn't ride the cyclone when I
was a child.
My mom and dad were waiting for me to
ride the cyclone.
But I loved it and I was able to revive
the roller coaster by saying,
I love cyclone!
When I came to Toshimaya, many warm and
kind staffs talked to me with a smile.
When I asked them, how scary is this
roller coaster,
they said, it's scary, but I think it's
definitely fun.
They said, go ahead and ride it.
I was so happy and I felt that it was a
very warm place.
We, like Toshimaya,
I know that 94 years is a long time,
but I want to be a group that is loved
by many people.
Toshimaya, thank you so much!
I love you!
Thank you very much!
On August 23rd, when we did a live
stream from Saitama Super Arena,
we had a guest, Komine-san, a
salesperson from Toshimayan, and El-
Taru-chan, a character from Toshimayan.
El-Taru-chan was driving the truck, and
Komine-san was the MC.
She was really helping Toshimayan out.
After the live stream, Komine-san was
crying and saying,
it was great that we did a live stream.
Even after the live stream, Komine-san
was still watching us.
We were able to deepen our bond with
Toshimayan, and I'm really grateful for
this wonderful time.
We want to keep doing our best so that
everyone can think of us as a lot of
people.
Thank you so much, Toshimayan!
I'm really happy to be able to be on
Toshimayan's stage.
I've been coming to Toshimayan's shows
since I was little.
I've always loved the merry-go-round
and the carousel.
I've been riding it every time I come
here.
I've had a lot of fun riding it, and I
think it's really beautiful.
I have a lot of memories from it.
And the place I joined is Toshimayan.
I love Toshimayan, who made a lot of
memories with me.
It's sad that it's going to be gone,
but I'm really happy that we were able
to express our gratitude together.
Thank you, Toshimayan!
Toshimayan has helped me a lot with the
shooting.
I really like the music video of the
song, which is called Youth Hatshaker.
I think it's because of Toshimayan that
I was able to express my feelings.
I'm really grateful to Toshimayan for
pulling out everyone's expressions.
I feel that many people love me when I
look around me.
It's been six years since we've been
together.
Let's do our best until 1994!
Let's do it until 1994!
Let's do it until we're 110 years old!
Let's do it until we're 94 years old!
I'm really happy to be able to do an
event with you here today.
Thank you so much, Toshimayan!
We'll do our best from now on, too!
Thank you!
I'm really happy to be able to do an
event with you here today.
Thank you!
I'm really happy to be able to do an
event with you here today.
Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Thank you for your hard work.
The pen light was beautiful.
It's a very beautiful logo.
It's been a while since I had a pen
light.
It's still very bright.
Pen light is fun.
I saw the beautiful scenery from the
stage while I was doing the live show
last year.
I was sad when I thought it was over.
But I did the live show with my eyes on
it.
The light of the TV station was getting
darker and darker.
It was so wonderful.
I changed my clothes.
This is a T-shirt of Elkar and Pabllin.
This is a T-shirt of Tokimeki-sen.
The back is colorful.
This is so cute.
This is a T-shirt of Tokimeki-sen.
Thank you.
This is a hair conditioner of Moppa.
I heard that it cools down the hair
when I put it on my neck.
So, I got a hair conditioner.
It cools down my body.
Oh, no!
Hey!
Staff!
Oh, no!
Aki-chan broke it.
Please subscribe to my channel.
You can't see it, but you can hear it.
If you do this, the firework will go
out.
Everyone, please do it.
And then, we will see fireworks.
This is the first time for me to see
fireworks.
And if the promoters are there, we can
see it together.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to the last day of
August.
It's the best.
I'm looking forward to it.
Let's go.
Now, Oharu.
Oharu's ponytail.
It's cute.
It's cute, isn't it?
Oh, Odango.
Oh, it's true.
I got it at the live show.
Oharu, you got it.
I got it.
I changed it.
It's cute.
Bye bye.
We're the last special supporter.
We'd like to do a countdown with
fireworks.
I'm so happy.
We were looking forward to it.
Really?
The lights are going out.
Really.
Hitoka-san.
Toshimayen will be closed.
How do you feel?
We've been taking care of Toshimayen.
We're sad.
But Toshimayen gave us smiles and
kindness.
We'll remember that.
We'll be a group that Toshimayen loves.
We'll do our best.
When you're in pain or sad,
remember Toshimayen.
If you smile, Toshimayen will be happy.
I feel like Toshimayen is not gone.
I think Toshimayen will be a special
supporter for everyone here.
We have two minutes left.
Please be prepared.
Please look around.
The lights are on.
The lights were on during the live.
It was so beautiful.
It was shining.
Thank you.
I'm sorry I can only say what's
obvious.
Thank you.
Mel, Karu, the fireworks are almost
ready.
Let's countdown together.
Let's do it together.
The memories of the past 94 years will
be on the sky.
The last fireworks of Toshimayen.
I'm sure everyone has different
feelings.
I want to carry that feeling.
We have one minute left.
This one minute is like forever.
But fireworks are over when they're
over.
So I don't want you to come.
I know.
The last words of the fireworks are
thank you.
That's right.
Is that okay?
Everyone, thank you for Toshimayen.
The last words are thank you.
Let's say it together.
Today's fireworks are based on
Eldorado.
I'm going to give it to you.
I'm about to cry.
Everyone, please say 10 together.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Thank you.
This is the first time I've seen a
firework.
I'm going to shoot it.
This is a huge firework.
I'm so happy!
I'm getting sad.
I'm so happy.
Every time I was so happy, I thought
about how much I would be happy if I
could get this number.
I felt so happy.
But at the same time, I felt so
thankful.
I'm so happy to be able to be involved
in such a wonderful and warm Toshimayan.
I think the word thank you suits you
the best at the end.
Everyone, please say thank you
together.
Thank you.
Thank you for the past 94 years.
L-chan, Kan-chan, thank you!
Thank you!
But like this, it looks like the
fireworks are about to fire and we feel
like at last, and then you feel the end.
It's impossible not to feel that way at
the end.
CHIAKI Hoshioka
I had about 1 life.
That day
well, I started to get emotional
when the fireworks were lighting.
I was like, wow!
It was so sudden.
I've never been so moved by fireworks.
I imagined Eldorado.
I could see it clearly.
I could see the beautiful sky.
It was great.
I was happy.
I felt summer at the same time.
We've performed at Toshimaya's final
live today.
Thank you so much.
We've performed until the end.
We've seen fireworks until the end.
I was crying.
We've made a lot of memories.
It was a memorable Toshimaya.
We've been loved by everyone.
I felt that we'll be loved forever.
I was overwhelmed.
I was happy to be a special supporter.
Yes.
I was honored to be with Toshimaya
until the end.
I was so happy.
I enjoyed the live.
I enjoyed it.
The scenery was beautiful from the
bright evening to the night.
I could see the brilliant light of the
attraction.
The staff of Toshimaya always smiled
when they met us.
We've ridden the rides so many times.
We've made a lot of fun memories.
It was a happy time.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Toshimaya.
Thank you, everyone.
Toshimaya, let's do our best in the
next round in the next 94 years.
Let's do our best in the next 94 years.
Thank you very much.
Please subscribe to my channel!
It's a good feeling!
Please subscribe to our channel and
follow us on Twitter!
I'm sure this life is very fun
I always believe in the future
I can't expect it
Let's go!
Tumorumorumoro! The strongest theory
Hello to the new me! Hello!
It doesn't matter what you say
I'm already in the heat
Tumorumorumoro! The strongest theory
Hello to the infinite possibilities!
Hello!
It's not like this, I'm still a child
I'll do everything I want to do
I'll prove the exciting future
Happy New Day!
Go! Go! Tumorumorumoro! The strongest
theory
Thank you for watching!